Convo	Whatabout
"Hi  My name is Jason . How can I help you ? I wanted you to arrange  a test drive of     indigo . 
Ok , sir maam may I know you location . Yes , sure I live in Kanpur , Uttar Pradesh .
Sir which variant of indigo do you want for test drive .the diesel model .Ok sir our nearest dealer will contact you and you can schedule your test drive as per your convenience .Can I have your contact number . Yes surely it is  99999999. Thanks so much Not a problem! Is there anything else I can do for you?No, that’s it.

"	TestDrive
"Hello How may we assist you today Hi I called to book a test drive for indigo petrol model in Kanpur city .Ok sir may I know your full address . Yes it is Nawabganj Kanpur ,
Ok sir our Kanpur Tata showroom will call you .Thank you . Our pleasure sir .
"	TestDrive
"Good Morning sir maam what can I do for you . I wanted to enquire about test driving you newest launched scooter . Ok sir do you want to visit the showroom or want a at home service for its test drive .I want to test drive at my home .Ok sir our I will forward you call to our showroom they will help you choose the scooter of your required specs for test drive .Thanks 
"	TestDrive
"Good Afternoon Sir maam . Hello can you help me arrange the test drive of Tata indigo .Sir may I know where do you live . Yes I live in Nawabganj Kanpur . May I have your contact number . Yes 99999999 . Yes sir there is our agency near you they will contact you shortly thank you.
"	TestDrive
"Hello sir what I can I do for you . Wanted to test  Tata Indigo . Can you book a test drive for me . Ok sir maam I can book a test drive for you . You just have to tell me the model you are looking for , your location and contact number . Yes my address is so and so my number is so and so . Ok sir our dealers will contact you . Thank you .
"	TestDrive
"Hello sir maam  Hello I was here to enquire about your vehicles in SUV segment .
Ok sir may I know where do you live .yes I live in Nawabganj Kanpur . Ok sir we will contact our dealership near you and they will  contact  you 
"	Enquiry
"Hi sir maam how can I help you . Hello I wanted some information on chasis length in your indigo car  Sure sir what do you want us to tell about it . I had to ask what is its body to chases length ratio . Sir the length ratio is 73% . Is there anything else I can help you with . No that’s it thanks
"	Enquiry
"Good Morning sir what can I do for you . I wanted to ask What is the price of the base model of Tata Indigo Sir may I know where do you live .Yes I live in Nawabganj Kanpur .Ok sir the base model costs 5 lacks 40 thousand on-road in Kanpur .Thank you .
If you want any further details I can forward your call to your nearest agency ."	Enquiry
"Good Afternoon Sir madam Hello can you help me find the best Tata hatchback car for my requirements . Yes sir can you tell your requirements . I wanted a car with good mileage and looks . Sir Tata Indica suits best to you If you want I can arrange a call with the dealer near you . No thank you 
"	Enquiry
Good afternoon sir . I was looking to buy a school van . And wanted to ask what models does Tata provide . Ok sir we have multiple models which all come with full safety assurance  , with good mileage and air conditioner .20 seater and 25 seater models . Ok Thank you .	Enquiry
"Hello sir maam how can I help you . I am looking to purchase a new Tata indigo .Ok sir sir which model and specifications are you looking for . I am looking for 40 ton capacity Tata indigo loader . Ok sir we have launched a new lx model of Tata indigo which best suites your requirements . If you want we can make our dealers contact you . Ok thank you .
"	Enquiry
"Hello sir maam how can I help you . My car just broke down on kanpur Lucknow highway. 
Sir our please share you exact location and our assistance team will reach to you within thirty minutes . Can I have your vehicle number. Yes it is 22222 Thank you."	Breakdown
"Hi sir maam how can I help you .  Hello I just crashed my vehicle and require technical assistance or some mechanic to come for repair . Ok sir / maam can you share your mobile number . Yes It is 998989899 .Sir can you tell us your car number . Yes sure it is 22222.
"	Breakdown
Good Morning . Good  morning It’s a breakdown case . Ok sir can  know where are you right now . I am currently at nawabganj kanpur . Ok sir please tell me your number . Yes it is 99999999 . Ok sir maam our assistance team will get to you Thank You . 	Breakdown
"Hi sir . Its an emergency my Tata vehicle engine is over heating and I require immediate mechanic assistance . Smoke is coming out of my engine . Ok sir we will connect our maintenance and reapair team to contact you  .can you tell me your location and mobile number . Yeah , it is 999999999 and I am at nawabganj kanpur . Thank you .
"	Breakdown
Hello How may we assist you .I had a complaint about the indigo I bought two months before . Ok sir can you elaborate you case ? The ac has become non functional within 3 weeks I bought the car . Ok sir maam have you contacted your dealer . Yes there was no response . Ok sir maam  our we will register your complaint and will get back to you within 24 hours .	Complaint
Good Afternoon Sir maam. I have a problem with my Tata indigo and my dealer is not providing me the services that your company promised . Ok sir no need to worry our team will contact you .	Complaint
Hi sir maam . Hello I registered a complaint last week about my Tata Indigo that it’s Wheel covers poor quality and you service centre has not followed up .ok sir no need to worry I will ensure that they contact you and solve your problem thank you .	Complaint
Hello sir maam may I take your  couple of minutes for your feedback on your vehicle’s servicing .yes sure .You may rate our various services on a scale of 10 . Where 1 is worst and 10 is best .ok . Sir was the delivery on time . Yes would give 9 out of 10 for delivery .	Feedback
"Hi sir maam do you have some time for reviewing the vehicle you bought . Yes . Ok sir so are you satisfied with the mileage of the vehicle . Yes it’s pretty good .
Sir is the air conditioner as per your expectation . No it does not work properly on hot days .I am not at all satisfied with it’s performance.
"	Feedback
Good afternoon sir may I ask for some time of your’s for the feedback of our on road assistance that you asked for a couple of days before .Yes surely . Sir maam you may reply in yes and and may elaborate if you want to . Was your vehicle repaired on time yes . Yes . Were the mechanics polite and helpful . Yes . Did they reach on time . Yes  . Thank you sir maam.	Feedback
hello hello i am speaking from tata motors how can i help you sir my tata indigo is stopped in the middle of the road and is not starting please help okay sir may i know your location i am from kanpur lucknow highway and 1 km ahead of unnao please do something ok sir plz note this toll free number for vehicle broke down or vehicle failure support 456266378 i already sent your engine failure request to the nearest service center they will asistyou shortly thank you	Breakdown
hello tata motors yes sir how can i assist you i have a tata bus and i was taking the kids to the school in the mid way the wheel get detached from its axel please provide a mechanic as soon as possible ok sir what is your current location i am in kanpur zoo road ok sir we provide on road service 24 to 7 and we will send you a mechanic in 30 minutes to resolve your vehicle brokedown problem please be there ok thank you	Breakdown
hello am i speaking to tata motors yes please tell how can i help you my vehicle has been broken down in the mid highway i was going from udhampur to jammu please send some help as soon as possible ok sir please let me know your exact location i am currently standing on high way near jajarkotli are you ahead of jajarkotli or you are approaching to jajarkotli i am approximateky 2 km ahead of jajarkotli sir i have already sent your number to the local service station and they will reach you in no time okay plsease do fast i  am standing on the mid highway with my broken vehicle yes sir just wait for some time thank you	Breakdown
hello hello sir i am from tata motors how can i help you i have a tata harrier and i was on my way to manali and i had an accident with a rock fallen from a mountain. the rock fell on to the bonett and it caused a huge breakdown in my vehicle and now my car is not starting please do help okay sir as you sre in hill area we are sending you our mechanic to you in 3-4 hours okay thank you	Breakdown
hello good evening sir good evening may i take your some time for the feedback of our complain register system yes please ask can you please answer some questions on the basis of your experience and rate us as good or bad sir was your complain solved on time yes its a good from my side thank you sir for giving your valuable time for the feeeback	Feedback
hello sir i am speaking from tata motors and want to take a feedback reagrding your experience with tata indigo yes sure sir i am going to ask you some questions and you have to rate us based on your experience okay please ask is tata indigo giving good mileage and pickup i will give you 3 out of 5 in this reagard than you sir for giving your time for our feedbacks	Feedback
hello sir good evening good evening sir i want to take a little bit your time for our feedback okay go ahead and ask sir how was your experience with our on road assiatance service it was good i got the service on time that is good thank you sir for your feedbacks	Feedback
hello how can i help you i want to buy a new tata indigo which category indigo you are looking for sir i want to purchase a indigo of 100 ton category can you please tell me your name location and contact number i am bharat from west bengal and my contact number is 333333333333 ok which place in west bengal kolkata so do you have information regarding the indigo or should i guide you yeah i know about it ok sir can you please tell me your address yes 5a road near kali mandir kolkata ok i have forwarded the information about you to our sales manager you will get a call from there shortly	Enquiry
hello i am from tata motors call center how can i help you i want to buy a new vehicle ok sir which category vehicle are you looking for i am looking for a suv car sir from which place you are speaking i am from jaipur sir do you have information regarding the suv or you want some guidance yes i want some informations like its mileage price and all it starts from 6 lakhs to 15 lakhs and the mileage is 12-15 km per liter okay thank you welcome sir have a good day	Enquiry
hello i am arayaman am i speaking to tata motors yes how can i help you sir maam i want to buy your latest suv car oaky sir we have recently launched a new car named tata harrier its the best selling suv may i know about its cost mileage and other features it ranges from 13 lakh to 17 lakh on run price its mileage is 12-15 km per litre it consist of 6 air bags and with automatic transmission system okay i will tell you later aout it thank you	Enquiry
hello good evening are you speaking from tata motors yes how should i help you i want to purchase a tanker for busing patrol and diesel how much capacity tanker you are looking for i need 9 kilo litre capacity tanker ok may i know your location i am from bandra ok sir you can contact to your nearest tata motors center bandra for further details thank you	Enquiry
hello am i speaking to tata motors yes sir how may i assist you i want to buy a small load carrier ok sir how much load you want to carry on it i want to carry load from 30 to 40 ton suggest me some load carriers sir we have a newly launched tata indigo small load carrier which can carry upto 35 tons and can travel in hill areas also with a good mileage it has also a large loading area what is its cost it ranges from 5 to 6 lakhs and available at low emi okay thank you	Enquiry
hello are you speaking from tata motors yes sir how can i help you i am getting some noise from the engine of my tata indigo okay sir i understand you can you please tell me since how long have you been facing this problem i am getting such noise since last one week okay sir i have registered your complain and you will get a call from service center soon okay thank you	Complaint
hello tata motors yes mam how may i assist you i am getting burning smell from my air conditioner of my tata indigo and i want to register a complain about that mam i have already registered your complain regarding the AC which is not functioning well and you will get a call or message from our service agent soon okay thank you	Complaint
hello am i speaking to tata motors call center yes sir how can i help you i have bought a tata indigo 3 months back and now its central locking system is not functioning well okay sir can you please tell me since how long have you been facing this issue since last 2 weeks sir i have registered a complain and our service agent reach to you shortly thank you	Complaint
are you speaking from tata motors yes sir please tell i have a tata indigo and now its wipers of the windscreen are not working properly okay sir i understand you so what should i do  do i need to register a complain i have registered your complain and you will get a call from our tata motors service center and you can take further help from them thank you	Complaint
hello are you speaking from tata motors yes how can i help you sir i want to take a test drive of tata indigo currently in which city you are sir i am from ahemedabad and how can i get a test drive sir firstly please tell me your name and contact number my name is bonny and my contact number is 567777777777777 okay bonny i am arranging a test drive on upcoming wednesday to your nearest tata motors dealer center you can go there and enjoy your ride	TestDrive
hello sir i am speaking from tata motors and you are our lucky customer and we are offering you a free test drive of tata indigo ohh good thank you when will i get this test drive and where you will get this test drive on your nearest tata motors car center on 3rd march you just have to reach there okay thank you	TestDrive
hello hello sir you have reached to tata motors call center how can i help you i want to take a test drive of tata indigo how where and when can i get this test drive sir please let me know if this test drive is available or not ok sorry sir but we don't offer test drive for tata indigos if you have any other query please ask no thank you	TestDrive
hello tata motors customer care yes sir how may i help you i want to buy a tata indigo and for that i need a test drive can i get a test drive okay sir let me check is test drive is available or not okay hello sir ia m so sorry but tata motors doesn't provide test drive for tata indigo if you want any other help please ask no thank you	TestDrive
hello i am speaking from tata motors how can i assist you my name is bharat and i want to purchase a bus which type of tata bus are searching for sir i want to buy a school bus ok sir may i know your location from where are you speaking i am from kanpur okay we have star bus available for school purpose can you please tell me about the price yes it ranges from 5 to 10 lakhs okay thank you	Enquiry
Hello there My name is Jason . How might I help you ? I needed you to organize a test drive of indigo . Alright , sir maam may I know you area . sure , sure I live in Kanpur , Uttar Pradesh . Sir which variation of indigo do you need for test drive .the diesel model .Ok sir our closest seller will reach you and you can plan your test drive according to your benefit .Can I have your contact number . sure without a doubt it is 99999999. Much appreciated so much Not an issue! Is there whatever else I can accomplish for you?No, that is it.	Enquiry
"Hi How may we help you today Hi I called to book a test drive for indigo petroleum model in Kanpur city .Ok sir may I know your full address . sure it is nawabganj kanpur , 



Alright sir our Kanpur Tata showroom will call you .Thank you . Our pleasure sir ."	TestDrive
good Morning sir maam what would i be able to accomplish for you . I needed to enquire about test driving you most up to date propelled bike . Alright sir would you like to visit the showroom or need an at home assistance for its test drive .I need to test drive at my home .Ok sir our I will advance you call to our showroom they will enable you to pick the bike of your required specs for test drive .Thanks	TestDrive
good Afternoon Sir maam . Hi would you be able to enable me to organize the test drive of Tata indigo .Sir may I realize where do you live . yes I live in nawabganj Kanpur . May I have your contact number . yes 99999999 . yes sir there is our office close to you they will get in touch with you in no time thank you.	TestDrive
Hi sir what I would i be able to accomplish for you . Needed to test Tata Indigo . Would you be able to book a test drive for me . Alright sir maam I can book a test drive for you . You simply need to reveal to me the model you are searching for , your area and contact number . yes my location is someone or other my number is someone or other . Alright sir our sellers will reach you . Much obliged to you .	TestDrive
"Hi sir maam Hello I was here to enquire about your vehicles in suv portion . 



Alright sir may I realize where do you live .yes I live in nawabganj Kanpur . Alright sir we will contact our vendor close to you and they will get in touch with you"	Enquiry
Greetings sir maam how might I help you . Hi I needed some data on chasis length in your indigo vehicle Sure sir what do you need us to tell about it . I needed to ask what is its body to pursues length proportion . Sir the length proportion is 73% . Is there whatever else I can assist you with . No that is it thanks	Enquiry
"good Morning sir what would i be able to accomplish for you . I needed to solicit What is the cost from the base model of Tata Indigo Sir may I realize where do you live .Yes I live in nawabganj Kanpur .Ok sir the base model costs 5 needs 40 thousand on-street in kanpur .Thank you . 

On the off chance that you need any further subtleties I can advance your call to your closest organization ."	Enquiry
good Afternoon Sir maam Hello would you be able to enable me to locate the best Tata hatchback vehicle for my necessities . yes sir can you tell your necessities . I needed a vehicle with good mileage and looks . Sir Tata indica suits best to you If you need I can mastermind a call with the vendor close to you . Forget about it	Enquiry
good evening sir . I was hoping to purchase a school van . What's more, needed to ask what models does Tata give . Alright sir we have different models which all accompanied full wellbeing affirmation , with good mileage and climate control system .20 seater and 25 seater models . Alright Thank you .	Enquiry
Hi sir maam how might I help you . I am hoping to buy another Tata indigo .Ok sir which model and particulars are you searching for . I am searching for 40 ton limit Tata indigo loader . Alright sir we have propelled another lx model of Tata enchantment which best suites your necessities . On the off chance that you need we can reach you . Alright thank you .	Enquiry
"Hi sir maam how might I help you . My vehicle simply broke on kanpur Lucknow thruway. 



Sir our please share you careful area and our help group will reach to you inside thirty minutes . Would i be able to have your vehicle number. sure it is 22222 Thank you."	Breakdown
Greetings sir maam how might I help you . Hi I just smashed my vehicle and require specialized help or some repairman to desire fix . Alright sir/maam would you be able to share your contact number . yes It is 998989899 .Sir would you be able to disclose to us your vehicle number . sure sure it is 22222.	Breakdown
good Morning . good morning It's a breakdown case . Alright sir can realize where are you right now . I am at current at nawabganj kanpur . Alright sir please reveal to me your number . yes it is 99999999 . Alright sir maam our help group will get to you Thank You .	Breakdown
Hey sir . Its a crisis my Tata vehicle motor is over warming and I need prompt specialist help . Smoke is leaving my motor . Alright sir we will interface our upkeep and reapair group to get in touch with you .would you be able to disclose to me your area and portable number . No doubt , it is 999999999 and I am at nawabganj kanpur . Much obliged to you .	Breakdown
Hi How may we help you .I had a protest about the indigo I purchased two months before . Alright sir would you be able to expand you case ? The air conditioner has progressed toward becoming non functional inside 3 weeks I purchased the vehicle . Alright sir maam have you reached your seller . yes there was no reaction . Alright sir maam our we will enroll your grievance and will hit you up inside 24 hours .	Complaint
good Afternoon Sir maam. I have an issue with my Tata indigo and my seller isn't giving me the assistances that your organization guaranteed . Alright sir no compelling reason to stress our group will reach you .	Complaint
Greetings sir maam . Hi I enrolled a complaint a week ago about my Tata Indigo that it's Wheel covers low quality and you assistance focus has not followed up .alright sir no compelling reason to stress I will guarantee that they get in touch with you and take care of your concern thank you .	Complaint
Hi sir maam may I take your couple of minutes for your feedback on your vehicle's servicing .yes sure .You may rate our different assistances on a rate of 10 . Where 1 is most exceedingly terrible and 10 is ideal .alright . Sir was the conveyance on time . yes would give 9 out of 10 for delivery .	Feedback
"Hey sir maam do you possess some energy for reviewing the vehicle you purchased . yes . Alright sir so are you happy with the mileage of the vehicle . yes it's quite good . 



Sir is the climate control system according to your desire . No it doesn't work appropriately on hot days .I am not under any condition happy with it's exhibition."	Feedback
good evening sir may I request some season of your's for the feedback of our on street help that you requested two or three days prior .Yes clearly . Sir maam you may answer in yes and may expand on the off chance that you need to . Was your vehicle fixed on time yes . yes . Were the mechanics respectful and accommodating . sure . Did they reach on time . yes . Much obliged to you sir maam.	Feedback
hi I am talking from tata motors how might I help you sir my tata indigo is halted in the street and isn't starting please help alright sir may I know your area I am from kanpur lucknow mid highway and 1 km in front of unnao kindly accomplish something alright sir plz note this toll free number for vehicle breakdown or vehicle breakdown bolster 456266378 I effectively sent your motor breakdown request to the closest assistance focus they will asist you shortly thank you	Breakdown
hi tata motors yes sir how might I help you I have a tata bus and I was taking the children to the school in the mid road the wheel get segregated from its axel please give a specialist at the earliest opportunity alright sir what is your current area I am in kanpur zoo street alright sir we give on street assistance 24 to 7 and we will send you a technician in 30 minutes to determine your vehicle brokedown issue please try to remain there alright thank you	Breakdown
hi am I talking tata motors yes please tell how might I help you my vehicle has been breakdown in the mid highway I was going from udhampur to jammu please send some assistance as quickly as time permits alright sir please let me know your exact area I am right now remaining on high path close jajarkotli are you in front of jajarkotli or you are drawing nearer to jajarkotli I am approximateky 2 km in front of jajarkotli sir I have officially sent your number to the nearby assistance station and they will contact you in a matter of moments OK plsease do quick I am remaining on the mid parkway with my messed up vehicle yes sir simply hang tight for quite a while thank you	Breakdown
hi sir I am from tata motors how might I help you I have a tata harrier and I was en route to manali and I had a accident with a stone tumbled from a mountain. the stone fell on to the bonett and it caused a huge breakdown in my vehicle and now my vehicle isn't starting kindly help OK sir as you sre in slope zone we are sending you our technician to you in 3-4 hours alright thank you	Breakdown
hi good night sir good night may I take as much time as necessary for the feedback of our complain register framework yes please ask would you be able to please answer a few inquiries based on your experience and rate us as positive or negative sir was your gripe unraveled on time yes its a decent from my side thank you sir for giving your important time for the feeeback	Feedback
hi sir I am talking from tata motors and need to take an feedback reagrding your involvement with tata indigo yes sure sir I will pose you a few inquiries and you need to rate us dependent on your experience alright please ask is tata indigo giving good mileage and pickup I will give you 3 out of 5 in this reagard than you sir for giving your time for our feedbacks	Feedback
hi sir good night good night sir I need to set aside somewhat your effort for our feedback alright feel free to ask sir how was your involvement with our on street assiatance assistance it was good I got the assistance on time that is extraordinary thank you sir for your feedback	Feedback
hi how might I help you I need to purchase another tata indigo which class indigo you are searching for sir I need to buy a indigo of 100 ton category would you be able to please disclose to me your name area and contact number I am bharat from west bengal and my contact number is 333333333333 alright which spot in west bengal kolkata so do you have data with respect to the indigo or should I control you better believe it I think about it alright sir would you be able to please reveal to me your location yes 5a street close to kali mandir kolkata alright I have sent the data about you to our team lead you will get a call from that point shortly	Enquiry
hi I am from tata motors call center how might I help you I need to purchase another vehicle alright sir which category vehicle are you searching for I am searching for a suv vehicle sir from which place you are talking I am from jaipur sir do you have data with respect to the suv or you need some direction yes I need a few informations like its mileage cost and all it begins from 6 lakhs to 15 lakhs and the mileage is 12-15 km for each liter alright thank you welcome sir have a decent day	Enquiry
hi I am arayaman am I speaking to tata motors yes how might I help you sir maam I need to purchase your most recent suv vehicle oaky sir we have as of late propelled another vehicle named tata harrier its the top of the line suv may I think about its cost mileage and different highlights it ranges from 13 lakh to 17 lakh on run value its mileage is 12-15 km for every liter it comprise of 6 air packs and with programmed transmission system alright I will disclose to you later aout it thank you	Enquiry
hi good night are you talking from tata motors yes in what road should I help you I need to buy a tanker for moving patrol and diesel how much limit tanker you are searching for I need 9 kilo liter limit tanker alright may I know your area I am from bandra alright sir you can contact to your closest tata motors center bandra for further help thank you	Enquiry
hi am I talking tata motors yes sir how may I help you I need to purchase a small load carrier alright sir how much load you need to carry on it I need to convey load from 30 to 40 ton recommend me some load carriers sir we have a recently propelled tata indigo small load carrier which can convey upto 35 tons and can go in hill stations additionally with an extraordinary mileage it has likewise a huge loading area what is its cost it ranges from 5 to 6 lakhs and available at low emi alright thank you	Enquiry
hi are you talking from tata motors yes sir how might I help you I am getting some noise from the motor of my tata indigo alright sir I comprehend you would you be able to please let me know since to what extent have you been facing this issue I am getting such noise since most recent multi week OK sir I have enrolled your complaint and you will get a call from assistance center soon alright thank you	Complaint
hi tata motors yes mam how may I help you I am getting consuming smell from my air conditioning system of my tata indigo and I need to enroll a complain about that mam I have effectively enlisted your complain in regards to the AC which isn't working good and you will get a call or message from our assistance specialist soon alright thank you	Complaint
hi am I talking tata motors call center yes sir how might I help you I have purchased a tata indigo 3 months back and now its cenral locking system isn't working good alright sir would you be able to please let me know since to what extent have you been facing this issue since most recent 2 weeks sir I have enrolled a complaint and our assistance operator reach to you right away thank you	Complaint
are you talking from tata motors yes sir please tell I have a tata indigo and now its wipers of the windscreen are not working appropriately alright sir I get you so what should I do I have to enlist a complain I have enrolled your complain and you will get a call from our tata motors assistance center and you can take further help from them thank you	Complaint
hi are you talking from tata motors yes how might I help you sir I need to step through an test drive of tata indigo as of now in which city you are sir I am from ahemedabad and how might I get a test drive sir initially please reveal to me your name and contact number my name is bonny and my contact number is 567777777777777 alright bonny I am masterminding a test drive on forthcoming wednesday to your closest tata motors seller center you can go there and make the most of your ride	TestDrive
good Morning sir maam what might I have the option to achieve for you . I expected to enquire about test driving you most exceptional moved bicycle . Okay sir might you want to visit the showroom or need an at home organization for its test drive .I have to test drive at my home .Ok sir our I will propel you call to our showroom they will empower you to pick the bicycle of your required specs for test drive .Thanks	TestDrive
Howdy sir what I would I have the option to achieve for you . Expected to test Tata Indigo . Would you have the option to book a test drive for me . Okay sir maam I can book a test drive for you . You basically need to tell to me the model you are looking for , your region and contact number . Surely my area is somebody or other my number is somebody or other . Okay sir our merchants will contact you . Thankful to you .	TestDrive
hi tata motors client care yes sir how may I help you I need to purchase a tata indigo  and for that I need a test drive would i be able to get a test drive alright sir let me check is test drive is available or not alright hi sir I am so sorry yet tata motors doesn't give test drive to tata indigo on the off chance that you need some other assistance please ask no way	TestDrive
hi I am talking from tata motors how might I help you my name is bharat and I need to buy a bus which kind of tata bus are looking for sir I need to purchase a school bus alright sir may I know your area from where are you talking I am from kanpur OK we have star bus available for school reason would you be able to please educate me concerning the price yes it ranges from 5 to 10 lakhs alright thank you	Enquiry
